So when inside this video, we will be having a look at the library of this project.
That is a cab booking system.
So let me run this first login file.
So I'll be running this file here.
So that's how the login page will look like.
I'll be minimizing my ID in the background.
I'll be having my my scale command line.
So before logging into it, let's check what inside our database and table.
So the, the database was used CBS one and let me show you the tables.
These were the tables so that a username and password details must be inside the account table.
So let me show you the details and account table.
These are the details inside the account table.
So I have already added one user and it's name password detail.
So let me first sign up so that we can add another account in our account table.
So I'll be signing up.
So I'll click on sign up button here.
So here the signup page.
I'll be writing user name as user to name as name to.
It's password as let's suppose.
Be a.
As.
As to.
Hey security question your lucky number as I click on Create.
Account created successfully.
So let's check in our database that the account has been created successfully or not.
Select Extract from account.
So.
Here's the account has been created with the user to name to pass to your lucky number two.
Now I'll be logging logging into this account with the same password and username, which I have just
created.
So the username was user two.
The password was pas2.
I like clicking on logging, so I have successfully logged in.
So before logging in let me show you that we can also.
Change or check for the forward password as well.
I'll be letting you know about it after completing these utilities.
So I'll click on Let's add a customer, so I'll be adding a customer so it is made for the user and
so you can add only your details.
So that's why the user name has been shown automatically.
So let me select the ID for the other number.
I'll be adding the number.
Let's suppose four, four, four, four, four, four, four, four, four.
And the name will be default and.
Let's suppose gender as male.
Country.
Let's suppose.
Country to.
After that address has addressed two phone number to to.
Any random phone number.
Email has a name to add the date gmail.com.
I will add that customer.
So the customer added successfully.
Let us check in our database that the customer has been added successfully or not.
So I will be checking in our customer table.
So let's select from customer.
So that a user two has been added in our customer table as well with the user to ID type of Aadhaar
card name.
The Aadhaar card number has been added.
Its name male.
It's gender, it's country and everything has been added successfully.
Lets us do something more.
Update Customer Details.
I will be updating the customer details of the user too.
So let's suppose I want to update its whatever.
Let's suppose country.
So I'll be writing CDR to its address to area two and its phone number.
I'll be changing something.
Values.
Random values.
And I'll be click on update.
So the customer details are updated successfully.
So let us check in our database that the details have been updated or not successfully.
So select extract from customer the what we have changed.
Yes, they are too and address too.
So these are being updated and the mobile number have also been updated now.
Let a.
Let's check for the view customer details.
So it is showing all the customer's details which we have in our customer database.
User one end user to all the details it is showing, I will clicking on back.
And after that, delete customer details.
So if I want to delete a customer detail, let's suppose I want to delete the user one.
So I'll click on check all the details of the user and have been shown here.
I'll be clicking on delete.
So the customer deleted successfully.
Let us check in our customer label so that deletion will take us through to the login page and I'll
be minimizing it.
Let's check first in our customer table.
So I'll be entering.
So the user mind has the details has been deleted as I was talking about the forgot password.
So if I go in the login page and click on Forgot Password and I'll be searching from the username.
So my username was user too.
I have a detail for the user too.
Let's click on search.
So name and the your security question has been added.
I have to enter the answer of my security question.
That was true.
So as soon as I click on retrieve so it is showing my password.
That was my password was passed through.
So that's how we can retrieve our password also.
So I'll be clicking on back.
I'll be minimizing it.
Let's open it again.
Yes.
So we have done the adding the customer updated the customer with the customer and deleted the customer
details.
Let's go on Book Cab and I'll be booking interest type cab.
So I like clicking on book cap.
So their details, I have added only one details for the source one and destination one that is selected
automatically.
I'll be clicking on show details.
So the details have been shown like my name is the current login details as you name one user to name
two user two driver name will be driver one, car one and all the details have been shown.
I'll be clicking on book cap.
So it is showing cap bug successfully.
So as soon as the cap book.
So the cap details have been shown in our interest table, so I'll be checking in.
In Track App Table.
So inside the Android app we have our details.
User to driver one source one from destination one car name carbon and prices 500 and reference number
have been generated randomly.
So this is our details of the cab booking.
And if I check for the billboard cap.
So this is showing the details.
It is the random time arriving in 7 minutes.
And these are all the details for the app I'll be clicking on back.
Let's click an intercity type of cab.
First, let me show you the vocab.
So what this is, this will do it will show you the images with every 2.8 seconds changing.
So I'll be clicking on wave caps.
So that's how it will appear with the name potatoes.
Toyota Fortuner with the background images.
Maruti Suzuki Swift.
That's how it is showing.
Let it complete.
I have not added these details of the cars, but as soon as you will be adding the details in the database,
you can or you will be able to select them.
Here.
I have added only one or two details for the reference of the successful output.
So if I click on Book Gap, so from the source one to destination one, only one.
Now I have micro mini or SUV.
So I have added three details if you remember in our database videos.
So I'll be clicking on mini type of and car.
So if I click on details, so for the mini type, the, the details have been shown I'll be.
Flicking mo cap so the cab of the successfully.
Let us check in our database, also in our intercity database, inter cab database.
Enter Gab.
I'll be entering.
So the data has been shown.
User to driver to source one.
Destination one car type.
Mini car name car two price index reference number has been generated randomly again and now we have
booked the intercity cab.
Also will book the cab if I click on vote will book the cab.
So the details have been shown also of the intercity type of cab.
Click on back.
Let's suppose I want to book a package to transport.
So it is also from source one to destination one name.
Let's suppose its weight is 100 to 500 cagey show the details.
So the details have been shown its distance and its price.
400 have been added.
Extra charge for the weight.
I will click on transport.
So it is also booked successfully to check for the book the details.
I'll be checking in our end transport table.
And so the transport table have been also updated.
And so that's how the project is working successfully till now.
Everything has been updating in our database and retrieving from the database successfully.
After that, inside, if I click on check bill.
So it will.
It will showing the intensity cable.
Intercity cable, intercity cable.
And similarly for the transport cable, it is also showing the details for the transport cable.
The price was 10,400.
I will close it and now I'll click on payment.
Pay the payment so the payment page will appear.
That's the picture was just for the reference if I click on pay.
So it is showing that paid successfully.
I'll be clicking on back.
Inside Utility.
I will click on notepad, then the notepad will appear.
If I click on calculator, then the calculator will appear.
Inside the app homepage click on about and about window will appear.
This is the about window where you can read about the project.
It is a scrollable.
The text has a scrollable.
I'll click on exit.
So that's how this project is working.
I'll be clicking on close so that details have been updating in our database and retrieving from the
database successfully.
So that's how this project is working and that's all about from the project cab booking system.